---
title: Creepa Backpack
price: 39.99
product_id: 0101
routes:
  default: '/anapolon/androver'
  canonical: '/anapolon/androver'
---


### Anapolon – the Most Powerful Gaining Steroid

If you are searching for serious bulk and mass gain in a short period of
time,\
nothing can provide you with results better than Anadrol. If you compare
oral\
steroids, you’l see that Anadrol stands far ahead of others in terms of
HUGE\
gains. Its impressive mass gaining ability is the reason due to which it
is\
highly preferred by professional athletes and bodybuilders. Also known
as\
Oxymetholone and Anapolon, Anadrol will provide you with fascinating
muscular\
gains that are way better than from any other anabolic steroids
available in\
the market.

Commonly referred as ‘A-Bombs’or ‘A50’ in the athletics and
bodybuilding\
world, Oxymetholone was introduced in 1960 by Syntex as a steroid called
as\
‘’Anadrol 50’’. As a drug, Anapolon is a compound that can treat
osteoporosis,\
wasting of muscles and anemia. Even now, it is used in the medical world
for\
treating the above-mentioned conditions. However, due to its amazing
muscle\
building ability, it is generally used by bodybuilders. Apart from its
muscle\
enhancing benefit, drol is also known to improve strength, red blood
cells,\
stamina and reduce joint pains.

Results of Anadrol are very impressive and this is the reason for its
huge\
popularity. If you are looking for a steroid that can kick-start the\
acceleration of your cycle and provide you with visible anabolic
response,\
Anadrol can be an excellent choice. It helps in reducing the SHBG (Sex
Hormone\
Binding Globulin) and allows other anabolic hormones to work more
effectively.\
An Anadrol cycle will provide you with crazy strength and unbelievable
mass\
gains faster than anything.

### Oxymetholone Steroid Profile

If the effectiveness of Anadrol 50 is to be defined in a single word
then\
‘crazy’ should be the perfect choice. Some bodybuilders have gained
about 20\
to 30 pounds of weight in a merely 4 week Anadrol cycle. Anadrol results
in an\
accelerated increase in strength as well. This is the reason that makes\
Anadrol tablets highly popular among bodybuilders and weightlifters who
are\
preparing for competition.

Moreover, Anapolon helps anti-inflammatory metabolites synthesis. So
adding it\
to your cycle also provides you with joint pain relief along with
strength and\
mass benefits. By reducing the SHBG, Anapolon enables testosterone to
build an\
increased amount of muscles. It enhances your libido and also improves
the\
effect of other steroids that you might be using in your cycle.

The anabolic activity of Anapolon is very high but its androgenic
activity is\
low. To be precise, it is 320:45, which is highly impressive if you
compare it\
with the testosterone ratio. The main reason for its high anabolic
activity is\
because 2-hydroxymethylene is added in its chemical structure. It
enables\
Anapolon to stay active in the muscle tissues for long as compared to
other\
anabolic steroids. On the other hand, the reason for its low androgenic\
activity is its poor ability to bind with androgen receptors.

### Steroid Profile

-   Effective Oxymetholone Dosage: 50-100mg
-   Active Life: More than 16 hours
-   Detection Period: Up to 8 weeks
-   Androgenic/Anabolic Ratio: 320:45

### Anadrol Cycle and Dosages

Anapolon is one of the few anabolic steroids available in the market
whose\
respondent curve gets flat instantly. If you start with 50mg a day, you
will\
experience impressive gains. But if you consume 100mg, you will gain
even\
better. However, a higher Anapolon dosage is not recommended because of
the\
toxicity and side-effects. As the steroid is highly effective, Anadrol
cycle\
of 4 weeks is more than enough for super bulking effect. It is highly\
recommended to not use Anadrol for more than 4 weeks.

As Anadrol can be harsh on your body, it is recommended that you start
with a\
small dosage. In the first two weeks, 25mg of drol will be enough. Once
you\
are able to handle its side- effects, you can raise the intake to
45-50mg per\
day. The maximum amount of Anadrol an individual should consume is
200mg.\
Remember that only few professional anabolic steroid users would take
such\
large amounts.

The half-life of the steroid is only 8 hours and thus, it is recommended
that\
you divide the dosage in two to ensure that the level of Anadrol 50 is\
consistent throughout the day. For instance, if you are taking Anadrol
50 (mg)\
tablets and want to consume 50mg in a day, break the tablet in half and\
consume the first half in the morning and take the other half in the
afternoon\
after lunch. The short half-life of the steroid will provide you with
visible\
results within 3 to 5 days.

Anadrol is highly beneficial for stacking and people buy Anadrol mostly
for\
this reason. Moreover, a large number of bodybuilders combine Anadrol
with\
long-ester type injectables, like boldenone undecylenate. It is commonly
used\
to kick-start your anabolic steroid cycle to get faster results while
you wait\
for the injectables to start working. Once the injectables start
working, the\
combination of both will provide you with better bulks and retain most
amount\
of your muscle and strength gain as compared to the gains you will get
if you\
only consume drol.

### Anadrol Side Effects

The Anadrol side-effects can be very serious, but are something that can
be\
easily prevented and controlled. It suppresses the natural production
of\
testosterone to much lower levels than other anabolic steroids. For most
of\
the individuals, 50 to 100mg of Anadrol will hardly show any severe
side-\
effects. While the hepatotoxicity of Anadrol has been somewhat
exaggerated by\
many, it is actually not that severe. You can limit this by not using
the\
steroid for more than 3 to 4 weeks cycle and also by staying off the
drug for\
a considerable amount of time. As the liver is known to regenerate very\
quickly, even if you take a break of about 2 weeks after a 4 weeks
Anadrol\
cycle, it should be enough.

In some cases, especially when used in large dosage, Anadrol can result
in\
mild nausea. While increased appetite is one of the benefits of drol,
large\
amount of Anadrol can suppress your diet.

Anadrol is not known to cause aromatization and does not result in any
kind of\
estrogen-related activity. However, it can interfere with the metabolism
of\
estrogen. No matter if you are suffering from this problem or not, it
is\
important to manage your estradiol levels as it can result in increased
blood\
pressure, gyno, water retention, etc.

### Honest Review.Anadrol Results

Anadrol is undoubtedly one of the most effective anabolic steroid
available in\
the market today. You can experience a gain between 20 and 30 pounds in
just 3\
to 4 weeks and also your strength will explode through the roof.
However, it\
is also important to note that 30% of this gain will be due to water
retention\
and you will lose it once the cycle is over.

Anapolon is generally compared with Dianabol as both of them are highly\
effective. There are both negatives and positives of using both these\
steroids. Anapolon provide with slightly better gains in the mass as
compared\
to Dianabol. Either way, you will surely receive nothing but the best
results.

When it comes to women, Anadrol reviews confirm that it is considered
somewhat\
risky. Theoretically, 50mg of Anadrol is more than enough for women. But
when\
used for extended duration, it can result in virilisation problems.

The most common query that most of the people who want to buy Anadrol
have is\
whether it is good for stacking with other steroids. As mentioned
above,\
Anadrol is excellent when used in combination with injectables and the\
combined power will provide you with even better results. As Anapolon
has low\
androgenic activity, it will also ensure that other steroids are able
to\
provide you with better results. It combines seamlessly with Primobolan
and\
Equipose.

### Where to Buy Anadrol?

You can easily find Anadrol tablets online. This steroid is not
difficult to\
find online at all. But you will be required to do a bit of further
searching\
to get high-quality Anadrol.

A perfect solution is to buy 100% genuine Anadrol from us. You can check
every\
single product that you purchase from us to confirm its authenticity.
This can\
be done with the help of unique product codes available on
manufacturer’\
website. When you buy Anadrol from us, you will not only get
high-quality\
products but excellent support as well. Moreover, there is no minimum
order\
requirement on our website and you can order as much as you want.

Order Anadrol now and achieve the results that you always desired!

